docs: add en install_without_root.md (#902)
kubean-io/kubean: docs/en/usage/install_without_root.md

# Deploy the cluster as a non-root user

## Contents

- ✓ [1. sudo permission check](#sudo-permission-check)
- ✓ [2. Create host inventory configuration](#create-host-inventory-configuration)
- ✓ [3. Prepare the configuration parameters of the deployment cluster](#prepare-the-configuration-parameters-of-the-deployment-cluster)
- ✓ [4. Prepare Kubean CRs](#prepare-kubean-crs)
- ✓ [5. 开始部署集群](#start-deploying-the-cluster)

## sudo permission check

  The installation process involves system privileged operations,
  so users need to have sudo privileges, and the following checks can be performed:

>   1. Login the target node as a non-root user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Log in to the target node as a non-root user account
```

          calico_rr:
            hosts: {}
  ```
  > Note: If the user is configured as NOPASSWD (no password escalation) in the /etc/sudoers file, you can comment the line where `ansible_become_password` is located

> ## prepare the configuration parameters of the deployment cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prepare the configuration parameters of the deployment cluster
```
